docs: re-write intro to controllers (#99)
equinor/template-fastapi-react: documentation/docs/contribute/development-guide/coding/extending-the-api/adding-features/01-controllers.md

A controller receives a request, then calls a use case, before finally returning a response. 

> The controller (adapters layer) is responsible to validate and transform requests into an understandable format for the use cases (application layer). The format is defined inside the use cases by the request and response models. The controller takes the user input (the request), converts it into the request model defined by the use case and passes the request model to the use case, and at the end return the response model. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controller (adapter layer) is responsible for validating and transforming requests into an understandable format for the use cases (application layer). The format is defined inside the use cases by the request and response models. The controller takes the user input (the request), converts it into the request model defined by the use case and passes the request model to the use case, and at the end return the response model. 
```
